# MD_SmartCar22 Examples
If you like and use this library please consider making a small donation using [PayPal](https://paypal.me/MajicDesigns/4USD)

[Library Documentation](https://majicdesigns.github.io/MD_Parola/)

<hr>

**MD_SmartCar2_Minimal**  Minimal MD_SmartCar2 implementation. Stop for short while, drive in a circle for short while, repeat.<hr>
**MD_SmartCar2_MotorTest**  Used to test and set up the DC motors and encoders.- Encoder feedback- Rotation direction- Maximum encoder feedback rate (Pulses per second)The application is controlled from the Serial interface.Set the Serial Monitor to 57600 and ensure line ending is 'newline'<hr>**MD_SmartCar2_Control_Test**  Test MD_SmartCar2 class through a Bluetooth interface to an AI2 control application using a HC-05 BT module that has been pre-initialized and paired to the BT master.This is to test 'real-world' motion. All Vehicle motion types can be exercised from the AI2 'SmartCar2_Control_Setup' interface application.The companion MIT App Inventor (AI2) application is used to control the Arduino application. The app is included in the AI2 folder and AI2 can be found at http://ai2.appinventor.mit.edu/SmartCar2_HW.h contains all the hardware connection pin definitions.<hr>
**MD_SmartCar2_Rover**  This is an example of behaviors built on top of the library infrastructure. High level control of the robotic vehicle is modeled with 'Behavior Based Robotics' principles.The sketch allows supervisory control of an autonomous MD_SmartCar2 vehicle using a Bluetooth interface implemented with a HC-05 module that has been pre-initialized and paired to the controller.SmartCar2_HW.h contains all the hardware I/O pin definitions.All vehicle behavior types can be exercised and monitored from the AI2 'SmartCar2_Rover_Control' interface application.The companion MIT App Inventor (AI2) application is used to control the Arduino application. The app is included in the AI2 folder and AI2 can be found at http://ai2.appinventor.mit.edu/<hr>